naima tutor he's a very kind guy very
loving and funny person likes to joke
around a lot my dream is a professional
basketball player
ala Moana manga I'm gonna be Madonna
living on
I ain't even got other things supported
onand I taught myself how to play
basically and my dad taught me a little
moves but basically it was all on my own
learned by watching uh games in the
States
and I pick up learn moves onto campus my
favorite players I have to l'm actually
they're my neighbors jayjay Helterbrand
and mark Aquila they taught me how to
play
my favorite TV I
one day I was in a Libertad race gym and
I was just shooting around and I met the
old coach here and he asked me if I
wanted to try out so I said okay and
then I guess I just just took me right
away and learned from playing with older
people and I just learned from them and
got better
I like biology Anatomy I like learning
about human body and my family's in the
medical field
Paquita actually I have to - pretty
close friends I've been called masseur
and Brannon Porter you tell him anything
he just go with the flow that's why he's
my closest one on the team just a cool
cool guy
we like to joke around and Sarah like
ambitions and I don't in life and he's
been in the same position as me when we
first got here so just like tried to
help me time to me
he understands it more than me so he
tried to help me whatever I can debug
Mahathir a lingua God
daya hiya Pat Mullins Avista
hi I'm named a tooth in shooting guard
here are you heavy bombers